
1.15.0 release (26 November 2018)

Welcome to the Hyrax 1.15.1 release

This release, Hyrax-1.15.1, contains bug fixes for 1.15.0.

The MDS (Metadata Store) was installed incorrectly from the
CentOS rpm packages; fixed.

This version of the server also includes the first developer (i.e.,
source) release of the BALTO brokering code and an alpha version of
JSON-LD support for BALTO/Hyrax.

Specific tickets fixed for 1.15.1

HK-277 hyrax-dependencies on the web site are out of date
HK-269 The current BES RPM package installs with MDS unwritable
HK-258 Modify roi() server-side function so that it is more flexible in the kinds of arguments it can use
HK-215, HK-246 Support subsetting a 3D+ variable using the roi() function
HK-268, HK-108, HK-257, HK-136, HK-224, HK-249, HK-152, HK-222 Implement  Continuous Delivery for Hyrax binary packages
HK-214, Add Debian package build to libdap and BES
HK-103, Build an initial version of the BALTO broker for two different data source types: Hyrax and Files accessible using HTTP
HK-22 The max_response_size limit is not working.
HK-1, HK-2, HK-3, HK-10 Data Transfer Errors in DMR++

Information from the new features in 1.15 follows:

The complete server documentation can be found on line at
https://opendap.github.io/hyrax_guide/Master_Hyrax_Guide.html

New Features

CoverageJSON - For datasets that contain geo-spatial data, we now
provide the option to get those data (and related metadata) encoded
using the covjson format. Thanks to Corey Hemphill, Riley Rimer, and
Lewis McGibbney for this contribution.

JSON-LD - With this release Hyrax adds JSON-LD content to every
browser navigable catalog page ( i.e. "*/contents.html") and to every
dataset/granule OPeNDAP Data Access Form. This feature along with the
site map generation can be used to assist search engines like Google
to catalog/index/find the data you wish the world to access.

New Data Access Form - The OPeNDAP Data Access Form is renewed. A more
compact and response UI that we hope to be improving even more in the
months to come.

NASA Earthdata Login (URS) Support - In addition to utilizing the
mod_auth_urs Apache module to provide Earthdata Login services Hyrax
now has it's own standalone implementation of the Earthdata Login
client. This means that it can be deployed using only Tomcat (or other
servlet Engine) and still work with Earthdata Login with out binding
it to an instance of Apache httpd.

MetaData Store (MDS) - A new cache has been added to the BES for
Metadata Responses (aka, the MDS or MetaData Store). This cache is
unlike the other BES caches in that it is intended to be operated as
either a 'cache' or a 'store.' In the latter case, items added will
never be removed - it is an open-ended place where metadata response
objects will be kept indefinitely. The MDS contents (as a cache or a
store) will persist through Hyrax restarts.

Prototype support for data stored on Amazon's S3 Web Object Store -
Hyrax 1.15 has prototype support for subset-in-place of HDF5 and
NetCDF4 data files that are stored on AWS S3. Data files stored in S3
must be configured for use with this feature of Hyrax. To configure
files for us with this feature, a special metadata file must be built
and installed in the MDS. For this feature, the MDS should be run in
'store' mode. Note: The software has a known problem with requests for
very large numbers of variables in a single URL. Contact us for
details. We welcome feedback on this new feature.

Improved catalog support - We have generalized the Hyrax catalog
system so that it is much easier to extend. As an example, we have
implemented a new module that reads information about datasets from
NASA's Common Metadata Repository (CMR) and uses that to display
virtual directories for NASA data holdings. This software is currently
available in source form only - contact us if you would like to extend
the Hyrax Catalog system for your own data collections.

Additional support for CF for HDF4 and HDF5 files

HDF4 CF option - Enhance the support of handling the scale_factor and
add_offset to follow the CF. The scale_factor and add_offset rule for
the MOD16A3 product is different than other MODIS products. We make an
exception for this product only to ensure the scale_factor and
add_offset follow the CF conventions.

For other the new features and fixes see the section titled “What’s
new for Hyrax 1.15.0” in the HDF4 handler README files:
https://github.com/OPENDAP/hdf4_handler/blob/master/README

HDF5 CF option - Added support of the HDF-EOS5 Polar Stereographic(PS)
and Lambert Azimuthal Equal Area(LAMAZ) grid projection files. Both
projection files can be found in NASA LANCE products. Added HDF-EOS5
grid latitude and longitude cache support. This is the same as what we
did for the HDF-EOS2 grid. Added support for TROP-OMI, new OMI level 2
and OMPS-NPP product. Removed the internal reserved netCDF-4
attributes for DAP output. Made the behavior of the "drop long string"
BES key consistent with the current limitation of netCDF Java.

For other the new features and fixes see the section titled “What’s
new for Hyrax 1.15.0” in the HDF5 handler README files:
https://github.com/OPENDAP/hdf5_handler/blob/master/README

Bug Fixes

About 40 bugs have been fixed for this release. 

Specific tickets fixed:

HYRAX-10 The fileout netCDF-4 doesn't generate the correct dimensions for aggregated files
HYRAX-247 <Dimension> elements in a constrained DMR sometimes have 'random' order
HYRAX-248 fileout_gdal seems to build broken JP2k files
HYRAX-362 Make the GeoTiff (GDAL) handler work with NCML aggregations
HYRAX-554 BES now includes DMR++; hack the configure script WRT libcurl
HYRAX-561 The fileout_netcdf, and/or the ncml_handler code does not clean up the temporary netCDF result file if the requesting client is killed during the transaction.
HYRAX-588 Gateway HTML Form Rendering Failure
HYRAX-591 Tests that create files fail 'make distcheck' (e.g., the tests for HYRAX-561)
HYRAX-595 The "SHOW HELP" button in the DAP2 Data Request Form points to a broken link
HYRAX-598 NULL pointer dereference in D4ParserSax2
HYRAX-599 Symbolic links to data not showing up in Hyrax 1.14.0 RPMs on CentOS 7
HYRAX-600 Unable to startup Hyrax installed from RPM on boot on Centos OS 7
HYRAX-603 The OLFS authentication code is no longer compatible with the current deployment "bootstrap".
HYRAX-612 Renaming the result of an aggregation (only join new?) fails.
HYRAX-613 OLFS installation bootstrap is broken on CentOS-7
HYRAX-621 Replace logo.gif with a transparent logo.png in Hyrax
HYRAX-623 Fix the CI build
HYRAX-630 The Keywords feature of libdap is hosed
HYRAX-645 Build issue causes make -j check to fail
HYRAX-646 Target collect-coverage-data doesn't work
HYRAX-647 The DDS print_das() method does not produce the same DAS as the DAS::print() method for Grids sometimes
HYRAX-648 MDS tests 61 and 62 fail on the first run of ./testsuite --conf=bes.mds.conf
HYRAX-670 Reading values from olfs.xml file is fragile
HYRAX-692 cppunit-config is no longer present in cppunit
HYRAX-721 The implementation of Sequence in the XSLT based Data Request Form (IFH) is broken
HYRAX-723 The DMR++ parser doesn't see a newline (cr?) as whitepspace.
HYRAX-745 Broker service needs to make correct links for data access.
HYRAX-755 The build_dmrpp code seems to fail on DMRs/Files with several variables.
HYRAX-756 get_dmrpp fails on datasets where variables are not in the root group
HYRAX-764 Fileout_netcdf returns empty response for dataset when no query is provided.
HYRAX-767 Change the Data Request Form code (all 3 versions) so that it URL encodes the query before using it.
HYRAX-775 The DMR response from the MDS has the xml:base attribute in a random place.
HYRAX-790 geogrid is failing in OLFS regression tests
HYRAX-791 w10n syntax collides with URI encoding rules enforced by recent Tomcat
HYRAX-794 Some tests regarding the enum type in the netcdf handler  fail randomly
HYRAX-801 ASAN Reveals 104 issues in the BES
HYRAX-802 Issues remain in the Aggregation rename bug
HYRAX-803 NcML Memory errors
HYRAX-804 Error in ResponseBuilderTest - a unit test
HYRAX-805 fileout_netcdf memory errors
HYRAX-818 showNode removes catalog name from the path name of the node - stop it.
HYRAX-833 Update baselines for BES cmdlm tests
HYRAX-837 libdap seems to return DAP2 and DAP3.2 DDX responses in kind of random way.
HYRAX-844 THREDDS catalog produced by Hyrax no longer work with Unidata code because of time zone issues
HYRAX-845 BESUtil::get_time() has a pointer problem
HYRAX-851 Memory leak in BESCatalog

Required External Dependencies in order to run Hyrax 1.15.0, you will need:

Java 1.7 or greater
Tomcat 7.x or 8.x Note: On CentOS 6.6 use Java 7 + Tomcat 7 if you're using yum to install software.
Linux (We provide RPMs for CentOS 6.9 and 7.13; install them with yum), Ubuntu, OSX or another suitable Unix OS.
