Changed BES timeout error from 418 (TeaPot) to 504 (Gateway Timeout).

Updated OLFS configuration defaults in viewers.xml file to reflect
changes for ncWMS2 and Godiva3
    
Patched a problem with the way the XSL transforms are carried out that
could have left the process running in an unexpected directory.
      
Added an in-memory cache for the handlers. Hyrax module developers can
use this to speed response times when building metadata responses (e.g., DAS)
is time-consuming.

Added a logrotate file to the rpm package. This helps keep the bes.log
size manageable and provides better integration with Linux.

Added a Function Response Cache. Now function results are computed
once and cached.

Fixed Hyrax-254. This bug caused random behavior when accessing
aggregations.

Fixed a problem with ASCII responses when one or more dimensions of an
N-dim array had only one element.

Fixes for the HDF5 handler:
* HFVHANDLER-175: Make sure the lat/lon are checked under both
/geolocation and / (root) groups.
* HFVHANDLER-189: Handle the root attribute 
* HFVHANDLER-191
* HFVHANDLER-192: Handle _FilLValue and units for GPM
* HFVHANDLER-194: New nlayer values for GPM level-3 4.0 data
* HFVHANDLER-199: DAP4 memory cache
* HFVHANDLER-198 and 184: DAP2 memory cache

Updated GDAL-based code to use GDAL 2.x

Fixed BES 'Transmitter' modules (modules that build non-DAP responses
like netCDF, JSON, etc.) so that they work when constraint expressions
contain function calls.

Fixed a bug (Hyrax-282) in the netCDF Transmitter where subsets of Grid variables
could result in a 500 error. Those now return the correct data values.

Updated the 'history' attribute in the netCDF Transmitter's responses
so it's more precise about how the response was generated. The new
value contains the date, time, server version and requesting URL, so
it should be possible to recreate the response. The format of the
attribute conforms to CF-1.6.

Changed the representation of Not-a-Number from 'nan' to 'NaN' in the
ASCII response.

Fixed in libdap: an issue with DAP4 CE parsing, double quotes and %20 escape
characters.



