Changes to the BES:

- Added an in-memory cache that handlers can use to cache DDS, DMR,
  ..., objects. The handlers have to be modified to use this, but the
  performance benefits are potentially huge. See bes/dap/ObjMemCache
  and the netcdf_handler for the code and an example of its use.

- Server functions can now return multiple variables and have then
appear as discrete things without being 'wrapped' in a parent
Structure variable. They do this by using a structure name that ends
with '_unwrap'. This means that server functions can return values in
a way that is usable by clients built using the netcdf-library.

- Added code to 'bes/functions' so that the module built there will
respond to the Version and Help commands (I'm not sure the later is
ever used by the BES, but it's not much more work). This could be 
propagated to other modules that previously lacked a RequestHandler
instance.

- Patch for gcc-6 from Orion Poplawski.

Three handlers we ship as part of Hyrax have significant changes:

- The netCDF file response now includes history information and has a 
'smart' suffix option (on by default; this part is actually in the
front end
of Hyrax).

- In the HDF4 code, improve the calculation of XDim and YDim for the
sinusoidal projection
and a bug fix for the case when the _FillValue is NaN. 

- Add support for HDF5 scalar datasets and unlimited dimensions to
the CF option.

The front end has some significant changes too:

- Added code to amend the CF "history" attribute so that
  fileout_netcdf responses contain the amended value that shows that
  Hyrax produced it along with the constraint and id information of
  the dataset.

- Added new rules for the Content-Disposition header download file
  names. Now the old behavior (add the netcdf file suffix to very
  file's basename) can be replaced so that the only the correct suffix
  appears in the filename.

- Added memory cache for BES Catalog responses. This allows the OLFS
  to stop asking the same things over and over again. The size and
  refresh interval are specified by the "<CatalogCache> element in the
  olfs.xml file. If the element is missing then the memory cache will
  be disabled.

- Increased the number of simultaneous requests from 10 to 200, which
  is the default limit for Tomcat.

- Bug fixes: Large file issues in w10n. Fixed build for WCS-2.0
