HDF5: 

[from Kent] I finished a non-trival update for the HDF5 hander
to support SMAP and some MEaSURES NASA products. I merged all my
coding to the master branch. I also updated the
documents(configure.ac etc.) . Could you run coverity and see if new
high risk issues appear? I hope it can be done ASAP because of the
reason listed below. [Coverity run, issues addressed]
 
When will you guys have another release? The Raytheon folks may depend
on the leading underscore removal of the recent update in their
software. I told them I will make my part available early January.
 
Also I will not do anything with the HDF4 handler except updating the
documents. I will tackle the code improvement some time later in this
year.

What's new for version 2.3.2 [the HDF5 handler]
----------------------------
CF option:

- By default, the leading underscore of a variable path is removed for
  all files. Although not recommended, Users can change the BES key
  H5.KeepVarLeadingUnderscore at h5.conf.in to be true for backward
  compatibility if necessary.
 
- Significantly improve the support of generic HDF5 files that have
  2-D lat/lon. This improvement makes some SMAP level 1, level 3 and
  level 4 products plottable by CF tools such as Panoply.
 
- Add the general support of netCDF-4-like HDF5 files that have 2-D
  lat/lon. This improvement makes TOMS MEaSURES product plottable by
  CF tools such as Panoply. It will aso support future potential
  products that follow netCDF generic data model.

lWe (OPeNDAP) also have some fixes in place: Better error messages and
a new timeout feature that enables the front end to control the
timeout duration for each BES - so even for a setup where here are
many BES instances running on different machines, one configuration
file can control when a response is taking too long and should
timeout. The server now returns a decent message when it 'times out’
and, lastly, the server offers an option whereby the timeout period is
cancelled once data transmission starts.
