
Release notes for Hyrax 1.14.0

Logging Improvements

- HYRAX-548: introduce copytruncate directive in besd.logrotate, 
  remove brute-force stop/start

- Log only one line per get command. This can be switched back to 
  the 'three-lines-per-get' mode. using compile-time switches. There
  is also a way to trace which calls to the LOG() and VERBOSE() macros
  are responsible for which lines in the log. And there is an ERROR()
  macro to call out that an error is being logged. See the ChangeLog for
  more information.

- As per the above, now, when logging is not verbose, there is only about
  one line per request (more for errors). Turning on verbose mode go back
  to the old way of logging where each (internal) command run by the BES
  is explicitly logged.

- Switched to ISO8601 date-time; UTC is the default.
  Can use local time in the logs using BES.LogTimeLocal 
  in bes.conf.  The old date format is still in the code and 
  can be used by #undef the compile-time switch ISO8601_TIME_IN_LOGS.

Handler fixes

- HDF4 and 5 Handler fixes - summarized in those projects' NEWS file

Bug Fixes

- Refactored the software used to serve GeoTiff files (gdal_handler)
  so it no longer keeps the GDALDataset handle open. This code was
  keeping the GDALDataset handle open across calls to the RequestHandler
  when returning data responses and this breaks the NCML handler.

- Fixed the integration tests in bes/cmdln.  

Specific tickets fixed

HYRAX-248   	Fixed the GeoTiff and JPEG2000 responses; in some
		        cases the raster output was upside down.
HYRAX-263	Geotiff output appears to have the latitude axis inverted.
HYRAX-281	The scale_array() server function now works with 3D arrays.  
HYRAX-283	fileout geotiff doesn't work for NCEP dataset
HYRAX-294	Make this function (scale_grid) work correctly when
		     	subsetting an array drops it down to 2D
HYRAX-309	Test the geo functions with real data
HYRAX-362	Make the GeoTiff (GDAL) handler work with NCML aggregations
HYRAX-417	Determine axis order for scale_grid() and scale_array() functions.
HYRAX-432	WCS-2.0 war file/ deployment is broken
HYRAX-458	Use of mkstemp/mkstemps in libdap and bes is bogus
HYRAX-465	The bes (travis) build is broken
HYRAX-491	Missing single source of truth for supported Format
HYRAX-507	Fix double quote problems with WCS constraint expression eval
HYRAX-529	Hyrax fails to start using "service besd start"
HYRAX-547	FreeForm handler fmt file for ASCII data with two header lines
HYRAX-548	logrotate.d in the release 1.13.4 RPM restarts bes and tomcat every day

Developer fixes

Interface Refactoring

- BESInterface/XMLInterface improved, easier to grok. This affects only
people who write modules for the BES. It does not affect the behavior
of the BES in any way.

- Streamlined the BESInterface and BESXMLInterface classes and the
DataHandlerInterface object manipulation. Removed unused fields,
renamed confusing fields, removed unused formal parameters. Removed
useless typedefs from BESInterface. Removed init and end lists from
BESInterface. (as they are not used). Simplified class field name
changes Improved formatting for BESInterface and BESXMLCommand.

- Added the 'hello_world' module into the BES's 'developer' build so
that people using our developer documentation can reference a handler
that works with the current version of the BES.

- Added the DMR++ handler (see modules/dmrpp_module) the regular
source distribution. This code is not built as part of the regular
build, but it is part of the 'developer' build.

- There were several functions/methods that made temporary files
(and used mkstemps, et c. to do so). These were refactored into
just one function.

- Unit tests for the code were made more usable (hyrax-391)

- Tests for the 'file locking cache' sub-system were added.

- 'make distcheck' now works without the cumbersome env var for configure
on Centos 7 and ubuntu 14. Centos 6 is still in the dark ages.

 - Removed unneeded classes in the BES framework (hyrax-378).

* libdap4 updates included in this release

- Portability issues: Updated gnulib and mkstemps fixed as per user
reports. Removed a test for block_size in HTTPCacheTest that failed on
Fedora ppc64le system with XFS system

- Branches/tickets merged: HYRAX-390 (CppUnit test improvements)

All the autotest dirs are now named 'tests'

